Update SQL browser documentation (#167)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/tools/pages/sql-browser.adoc

== Using the SQL Browser

image:ROOT:SQLBrowserMenu.png[SQL Browser Toolbar Icon]

Click **SQL Browser** in the toolbar.

image:ROOT:SQLBrowserWindow.png[SQL Browser Window]

To query an existing map in the cluster, you have to connect it by running `CREATE MAPPING` SQL statement.
This statement maps the data structure to a table that Hazelcast can access.
It can be generated by cluster or inserted manually into the SQL editor.

Click **Connect Maps** button
and select the map's name from the dropdown to generate `CREATE MAPPING` statement based on the map content:

image:ROOT:SQLBrowserConnectMaps.png[SQL Browser Connect Maps]

A generated `CREATE MAPPING` statement is inserted into the editor and can be adjusted to your needs.

Click **Confirm & Run**.

After the successful `CREATE MAPPING` SQL statement execution,

> you should see your mapping in the **Queryable objects** tree view:

Reviewer: could you please add an information about columns and indexes? 
And update the screenshot to contain columns of multiple types and indexes too?

== Using the SQL Browser

image:ROOT:SQLBrowserMenu.png[SQL Browser Toolbar Icon]

Click **SQL Browser** in the toolbar.

image:ROOT:SQLBrowserWindow.png[SQL Browser Window]

To query an existing map in the cluster, you have to connect it by running `CREATE MAPPING` SQL statement.
This statement maps the data structure to a table that can be queried with Hazelcast SQL.

> It can be generated by cluster or inserted manually into the SQL editor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can type this statement into the editor, or you can generate it automatically.
```

> Click **Connect Maps** button

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To generate the `CREATE MAPPING` statement automatically, click the *Connect Maps* button
```

> and select the map's name from the dropdown to generate `CREATE MAPPING` statement based on the map content:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and select an existing map from the dropdown:
```

image:ROOT:SQLBrowserConnectMaps.png[SQL Browser Connect Maps]

> A generated `CREATE MAPPING` statement is inserted into the editor and can be adjusted to your needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to change the generated statement, you can use the editor.
```

> NOTE: In some cases `CREATE MAPPING` statement can not be generated. The Possible reasons are: the map is empty, the map is stored in `NATIVE` format without indexes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: You cannot generate a `CREATE MAPPING` statement for empty maps or maps that store entries in the `NATIVE` format without indexes.
```

> Click **Confirm & Run**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click *Confirm & Run*.
```

> After the successful `CREATE MAPPING` SQL statement execution,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After executing the `CREATE MAPPING` statement,
```

> you should see your mapping in the **Queryable objects** tree view:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you should see your mapping in the *Queryable objects* tree view:
```

image:ROOT:SQLBrowserQueryableObjects.png[SQL Browser Queryable Objects]

Under the mapping name, you can find columns and indexes with their types.

== Executing Queries

> To execute a query, click **Execute Query**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To execute a query, click *Execute Query*.
```

> After a successful query execution, you will see the results under **Query Results**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the query is executed, the results are displayed under *Query Results*:
```

.Example query results
image:ROOT:SQLBrowserQueryResultTab.png[A list of query results]

There are two results representation modes:

* **Show first 1000 records**

> This mode limits **Query Results** to the first 1000 records returned by the query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> * **Stream last 1000 records**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Stream last 1000 records*: Display only the last 1000 records returned by the streaming query. The most recent record is always on the top of the list.
+
NOTE: This mode is only for displaying the results of streaming SQL queries.
```

> NOTE: Should be used for displaying the Streaming SQL query results.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> In this mode **Query Results** show only the last 1000 records returned by query,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> and the last record is always on the top of the list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

== Exporting Query Results

> You can use **Export** to export the query result as a **CSV** file in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use **Export** to export the query result as a CSV file in
```

> a format https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4180[RFC 4180] or as a **JSON** file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4180[RFC 4180 format] or as a JSON file.
```

== Viewing Executed SQL Queries

In the **History** tab, you can see the history of query execution.
The history holds the last one hundred executed queries.

> Each row contains **Execution Time**, **Execution Status** and **Query** values.

Reviewer 2: Can we describe what these fields are? What are the possible executions statuses for example?

We may want to put this information in a list or a table.

Author: I think the screenshot below shows all the possible values for statuses and other columns. WDYT?

You can re-execute any query from the history by pushing a button in the **Execute** column.

image:ROOT:SQLBrowserHistoryTab.png[A history of executed queries]

> You can also use **Clear Query Result** to remove the query results.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To remove the query results, click *Clear Query Result*.
```

Users skim for information, so we should lead with the information they are looking for.
